
                   Handling emails sent to bad Kiwi cookies
                                       
   It is possible that someone will inadvertently send mail to an email
   address with a bad Kiwi cookie. For example, an acquaintance may send
   us a message to an address that has expired, or someone may have
   incorrectly copied a Kiwi-enabled email address.
   
   By default, Kiwi silently discards messages that do not have a valid
   cookie. However, it may be more desirable for you to be able to have
   Kiwi send people who send email to an address with a bad cookie a
   bounce message, informing them that they need to send a message to an
   email address with a correct Kiwi cookie.
   
   Kiwi has support for BOUNCEMAIL which allows Kiwi to send a reply to a
   message with an invalid Kiwi cookie. In order to use this feature, do
   the following:
     * Set up a form letter to send to people who email an incorrect Kiwi
       cookie.
     * Have the variable kiwi_bouncemail in .kiwirc point to that file.
       
   The form letter should have the following characteristics:
     * The form letter should inform the user that the message in
       question was not delivered to you.
     * The form letter needs to have, at the top of the message, a return
       address and a subject header. There should be at least one blank
       line between the headers and the body of the message.
     * In order to stop mail loops, the form letter should have a return
       address that silently discards mail. The nobody email address on
       many systems does this. An example nobody email address is
       nobody@example.com (this particular email address does not work,
       and is only shown as an example of a nobody email address)
     * Since Kiwi will append the form letter with a copy of the
       undelivered message, the form letter should end with a note
       indicating that the remainder of the message is the undelivered
       message.
       
   Here is an example form letter. Please change nobody@example.com to a
   working email address that silently discards mail before using this
   example:
   
From: nobody@example.com
To: nobody@example.com
Return-Path: nobody@example.com
Reply-To: nobody@example.com
Subject: Your mail was not delivered

[In order to stop mail loops, replies to this message are silently discarded]

Hello there,

You mail was not delivered to me for a number of possible reasons.  Possible
reasons include:

* The email address you sent mail to timed out

* The email address you tried sending mail to was incorrectly copied

You wrote:
